WebIDL binder: Added 'BindTo' extended attribute (#22779)
emscripten-core/emscripten: site/source/docs/porting/connecting_cpp_and_javascript/WebIDL-Binder.rst

  - You *must* implement all the methods you mentioned in the IDL of the ``JSImplementation`` class (``ImplJS``) or compilation will fail with an error.
  - You will also need to provide an interface definition for the ``Base`` class in the IDL file.

Function overloads
==================

> C++ allows function overloads, where multiple member functions have the same name but different arguments. *WebIDL Binder* allows you to bind overloaded functions only if they differ in the number of arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
C++ allows function overloads, where multiple member functions have the same name but different arguments. By default, the *WebIDL Binder* allows you to bind overloaded functions if they differ only in the number of arguments:
```

.. code-block:: cpp

  // C++
  class OverloadTest {
  public:
    void test(int arg1, int arg2) { ... }
    void test(int arg) { ... }
  };

.. code-block:: idl

  // WebIDL
  interface OverloadTest {
    void OverloadTest();
    void test(long arg1, long arg2);
    void test(long arg);
  };

> If your functions don't differ in number of arguments, you can use the ``[BindTo]`` attribute:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your overloaded functions differ in some other way (say, in the types) then you can use the ``[BindTo]`` attribute to tell the tool what function name to bind to (that is, to call):
```
